Are you passionate about cloud technology? Do you master the core of what matters in building a cloud service? Do you want to learn more from the best people in the industry?

The PowerBI group is building a leading Analytics and business intelligence web service that delivers insights to enable fast, informed decisions.

Our code is in the bleeding edge of cloud technology, leveraging Azure capabilities like no other place.

Rapid improvement in an agile environment is in the heart of our culture, and it gets faster and better every day.

Come join the Power BI team! We are creating and delivering exciting experiences to enable everyone to use Business Intelligence to help realize their potential.

Responsibilities

Our team has taken on the challenge to meet and exceed customer expectations for quality, trust, and beautiful experiences for BI users.

Here Are Some Details Around How We Work

 Design and build a fast and highly interactive data visualization stack.
 Take an active part in a fast moving team focused on building robust and innovative software.
 Work closely with experienced engineers and be part of an agile and fast moving development team.

We roll out improvements and new experiences weekly to the service.

Our team owns and delivers end to end experiences in Power BI and through web user interface.

We use customer feedback and usage to help us learn and adapt in order to grow and improve the service, and experiences Familiarity with Microsoft stack and BI technologies is beneficial.

Our challenges are around big data scale, real time and mission critical data. We are looking for brilliant engineers, to join our team and make our world-class cloud infrastructure even better.

Embody our culture and values

Qualifications

 BSc or MSc in Software Eng. or Computer Eng.
 Experience building products with Angular, Angular JS, TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML/CSS.
 Experience in server side development, preferably C#
 5+ years of programming experience.
 Strong design, coding, debugging, and problem solving skills.
 High potential to grow and evolve
 Team player, confident, and enthusiastic
 Self-learner with passion for technologies.
